# Team 18: Eighteam

## \[Post Pitch Document Meeting\]
  
## Attendance
** Taking notes:** Danny Quang
  
** Roll call**
- [x] Daniel
- [x] Mandeep
- [x] Danny
- [ ] Yi
- [x] Tim
- [x] Ira
- [x] Hariz
- [ ] Jiayi
- [x] Yiyu
- [x] Nathan
  
## Time and Place
**Time:** 2:00 PM to 2:50 PM
<br/>
**Location:** (Remote) Zoom
  
## Today's Discussion
- Shubham's Thoughts from Pitch Meeting:
  - break the features into two: MVP (must have e.g. uploading, selecting, etc.) and stretch features (good to have features, e.g. drawing)
- For this week:
  - Any decisions made e.g. how to store into local storage or hoow to implement crop features need to be noted in ADR (Architecture Design Records)
  - This week we should split up and create high fidelity wireframees (highly detailed versions of what we have) and 
  some should figure out how to implement the features (local storage, Github actions pipeline, all features). 
- Shubham's Comments:
  - offered to join any of our meetings to give suggestions and help

  
## Action Items
- Fill out When2Meet for next meeting, prepare 1:30 Thursday location TBD. During meeting, break up the features and delgate tasks. Document everything.
 
## For Next Meeting
- Plan and document everything
- Implement feedback from pitch to TA
- Daniel George
