# Kickoff Meeting for Team 18

## Attendance
Missing:  No one  
Taking Notes:  Nathan

## Time and Place
We met on zoom from 7:30PM to 8:00PM.
We extended our kickoff meeting by meeting in-person after the CSE 110 lecture/midterm on both Wednesday and Friday from about 5:50 to 6:30.

## Introductions
Name, year, major, SWE experience/internships/previous projects, web dev experience   
for the notes person, include the technical skills and experience only as that will help us delegate

* Daniel (3rd Year CE) - medical/robotics, Python scripts, Amazon internship, not much web dev
* Mandeep (4th Year CS) - many Python projects, some web dev
* Danny (3rd Year CS) - some Python, ML, web mining, not much web dev
* Yi (2nd Tranfer Math/CS) - personal webpage experience
* Tim (2nd Transfer Math/CS) - lots of AWS experience, fair amount of web dev
* Ira (3rd Year CE) - little bit of web dev in high school
* Harris (3rd Year CE) - web dev internship, variety of frameworks
* Jiayi (4th Year Math/CS) - lots of C++ experience, web dev bootcamp
* Yiyu (3rd Year Math/CS) - C++ experience, made some JS projects over summer
* Nathan (3rd Year Math/CS) - not much experience

## Roles Brainstorm
* Dev
* Designer
* QA

## Branding Brainstorm
Logo, colors  
show canvas page for requirements. 

## Team Building Activity
**skribbl.io**, amogus, gartic phone

## Action items
  * Team brand (fonts colors, logo, mascot)
  * Team Page - link to all of our personal pages from Lab 1
  * Team intro video - make on own time, upload to Slack/repo
 
## Next Meeting
 * Delegate roles accordingly
 * Figure out the assignments for the week
 * Brainstorm ideas for the project

## Role Expectations
* Developers - 
 1. Write quality and readable code. 
 2. Write documentation as you code, so everyone knows and understands the functionality.
 3. Collaborate heavily with your fellow developers so everyone is on the same page.
 4. Don't be afraid to ask for help, it's better than writing unusuable code or being stuck on a bug for countless hours.
 5. Focus on a few strong functional components, rather than many slightly functional components.
 6. Be self-motivated. 
* Designers - 
* QA - follow the steps "Plan, Do, Check, and Act"
